who now this tutorial is going to show
you how to convert a CD to mp3 using
iTunes
so once iTunes is loaded first of all
which can make sure the preferences for
important our CD are how we want them to
be so go to edit preferences on this
window here where it says when you
insert a CD need to make sure that says
ask to import the CD if it doesn't you
can press the arrow and then select
that's to enforce a day and then import
settings now at the moment you'll see
it's down to AAC encoder and iTunes plus
there we want to change that so click
the arrow again go down to mp3 and then
the setting we need to check custom
stereo bitrate 320 use a variable
bitrate and then the quality is high now
this setting here can be anything that
you want it to be the higher the setting
a this number here 121 to 8 160 192 the
higher the number then we're going to
hear 320 the higher the number the
better the quality of audio you're going
to get so press ok ok from there you can
insert your CD now just as we've asked
it to it's automatically brought the the
new window or we've inserted the CD so I
my salon side here tells us what CDs
inserted Disney's grater sets and it's
asking us would you like to import the
CD and we're gonna press no because we
do want to report a CD but more
importantly before we import it into
iTunes we need to make sure the
information that it's got for this CD is
correct so to do that Mini's dues
it's control an a which will highlight
all the files in this window right-click
and then just get info are you sure you
want to edit information for multiple
items yes so we've got here these are
all the information that's going to be
associated with a these mp3's so album
artists we've got those various artists
because there are various artists on
this one CD the album is Disney's
greatest hits CD one disc number is one
two and that's us about it really that
we need to do in this window apart from
the album artwork which we're gonna get
in a second the titles of these columns
artist album genre you'll notice
directly mirror what's in this box of
genre children's genre they're Disney's
greatest cd14 the album is down there to
change these options you need to make
sure that box is ticked so if we wanted
to change Disney's greatest hits CD once
the trick is knees greatest hits CD two
it will always change it if that box is
checked so what we need to do to me to
keep how artwork and to do that we're
going to use Amazon so open up your web
browser and go to Amazon Loco UK and in
the search box you want to put the title
of your CD
so now we have Disney's greatest hits on
the left here you're gonna see all the
different album covers for Disney's
greatest hits now the one that I've got
is this one here so we'll click that and
then on the image right click save image
and you can save that anywhere so we're
going to save that to the desktop okay
now back to my tunes where it's this
artwork double-click its desktop and
there is around my work and now we press
ok
from that as long as you're happy with
the way this looks right click on the CD
down here and then import CD you'll see
a little orange icon appear next to
track one which means that that's per
track that it's currently importing and
up here is tell me how long is remaining
for that truck
once it's finished converting that track
the yo the orange icon will move down to
the next track and will be replaced with
a green tech okay so once it's finished
importing all the track numbers will
have green ticks next to them and the
box at the top that did have activity
will just go back to the generic Apple
symbol so from there go to your music
library so go to music your library type
in here Disney's greatest hits as you
type in it you'll notice how awesome and
there we have Disney's greatest hits
Disney's greatest hits CD one with the
album artwork that we specified from
there you can either high Tunes
automatically syncing music or trying to
drop it from you music library or to
your phone